apps/docs/content/docs/supported.mdx, before:

---
title: Supported Features
description: Track support for different features.
---

## Supported ORMs

Full support means supporting all databases the ORM supports.

- **Drizzle ORM** (full support, query mode required)
- **Prisma ORM** (full support)
- **TypeORM** (via Kysely, no MongoDB support)

<Callout title="Note for Drizzle ORM">
  At the moment, Drizzle ORM doesn't support MSSQL.
</Callout>

## Supported Databases

Full support means supporting all common operations.

- **MongoDB** (full support)
- **MySQL** (full support, via Kysely)
- **PostgreSQL** (full support, via Kysely)
- **SQLite** (full support, via Kysely)
- **Microsoft SQL Server** (full support, via Kysely)
- **Cockroach DB** (full support, via Kysely)

## Unified Query Interface

- **Natively supported operations**: `createMany`/`findMany`/`updateMany`/`deleteMany`.
- **Combined operations:** `create` (require `insert` + `select`), `upsert` (require `update` + `insert`).
- **Relations:**
  - **One-to-one:** Left Join on SQL database, one `lookup` for MongoDB.
  - **One-to-many:** One additional query for selecting joined data on SQL database, or one `lookup` for MongoDB.

## Unified Schema

- **Basic column types:**
  - Text (string/varchar)
  - Number (int/decimal/bigint)
  - JSON
  - Boolean
  - Date (date/timestamp)
- **Only one primary key (ID column)**, required by MongoDB.
- **Default column value:**
  - raw SQL statements (SQL database only).
  - `auto` (generated value for ID columns).
  - `now` (generated value for date/timestamp).
  - Literal value.
- **Relations:**
  - **All basic relations:** One-to-many, One-to-one, and Many-to-many with join tables.
  - **Foreign key must be defined for each relation**, required by Prisma.

## Kysely Migration Engine

Similar to `db push` in Prisma and Drizzle Kit, we have a simple implementation using Kysely.

It only aims to support basic operations that your library might expect from, with maximized compatibility.
Any risky operations (which may cause data-loss) are unsupported by design.

Supported migrations:

- **Create/drop table**.
- **Create/Drop foreign keys**.
- **Alter table:**
  - Rename table.
  - Create/update/rename/drop columns.

<Callout title="Note for SQLite">
  For updating columns in SQLite, it needs to create a new column and transfer
  data from old column and the new one.
</Callout>

Commit message:

Drop convex from beta release & improve test

apps/docs/content/docs/supported.mdx, after:

---
title: Supported Features
description: Track support for different features.
---

## Supported ORMs

Full support means supporting all databases the ORM supports.

- **Drizzle ORM** (full support, query mode required)
- **Prisma ORM** (full support)
- **TypeORM** (via Kysely, no MongoDB support)

<Callout title="Note for Drizzle ORM">
  At the moment, Drizzle ORM doesn't support MSSQL.
</Callout>

## Supported Databases

Full support means supporting all common operations.

- **MongoDB** (full support)
- **MySQL** (full support, via Kysely)
- **PostgreSQL** (full support, via Kysely)
- **SQLite** (full support, via Kysely)
- **Microsoft SQL Server** (full support, via Kysely)
- **Cockroach DB** (full support, via Kysely)

Considering:

- **Convex DB** (too much limitation)

## Unified Query Interface

- **Natively supported operations**: `createMany`/`findMany`/`updateMany`/`deleteMany`.
- **Combined operations:** `create` (require `insert` + `select`), `upsert` (require `update` + `insert`).
- **Relations:**
  - **One-to-one:** Left Join on SQL database, one `lookup` for MongoDB.
  - **One-to-many:** One additional query for selecting joined data on SQL database, or one `lookup` for MongoDB.

## Unified Schema

- **Basic column types:**
  - Text (string/varchar)
  - Number (int/decimal/bigint)
  - JSON
  - Boolean
  - Date (date/timestamp)
- **Only one primary key (ID column)**, required by MongoDB.
- **Default column value:**
  - raw SQL statements (SQL database only).
  - `auto` (generated value for ID columns).
  - `now` (generated value for date/timestamp).
  - Literal value.
- **Relations:**
  - **All basic relations:** One-to-many, One-to-one, and Many-to-many with join tables.
  - **Foreign key must be defined for each relation**, required by Prisma.

## Kysely Migration Engine

Similar to `db push` in Prisma and Drizzle Kit, we have a simple implementation using Kysely.

It only aims to support basic operations that your library might expect from, with maximized compatibility.
Any risky operations (which may cause data-loss) are unsupported by design.

Supported migrations:

- **Create/drop table**.
- **Create/Drop foreign keys**.
- **Alter table:**
  - Rename table.
  - Create/update/rename/drop columns.

<Callout title="Note for SQLite">
  For updating columns in SQLite, it needs to create a new column/table and
  transfer data from the old one.
</Callout>
